In this section we'll learn how to implement a one to many polymorphic relationship.
So we already know what a one to many relationship is.
It is one model of one kind.
In this example the blog post can be related to many models of different kind.
In this example comments from the last section you should also understand what a polymorphic relationship
is.
It is a situation when model of one kind is not limited to be related to only another specific model
of different kind.
Like blog post in this situation the polymorphic relationship lets us associate comments to blog posts
to users or basically any other model.
You can also add this to images if you like.
Now this is our current situation.
We have BLOG POSTS table and comments table on the comments table.
There is the blog post IDI field which basically late lets us relate comment only to the blog post and
this is what we would like to achieve.
So now the comments table will have two fields.
Commendable ideas and commendable type.
So as I've said in the last section this prefix commendable is up to you.
You can come up with any name that you like but then there is a deal which basically holds the ideas
of the related model either blog post I.D. or user I.D. and there is the column with the type suffix
which holds the model name.
So that could be a blog post user or image or any other model that you would like to create.
This relation to so basically that's it.
This is really a very simple concept so let's go ahead.
Do not waste any more time and let's see how to create a migration for it.
The relations and then implement this inside our application.